Name: Aron Hampersberger

--------------------
--- Coin Tracker ---
--------------------

short description:
app to manage crypto currency holdings

motivation:
for owners of different crypto currencies it is a lot of effort to keep track
of the current value of their holdings and how much they are worth in fiat currency

solution:
- offer a way to add currency holdings and if possible refresh them automatically on changes
- offer a way to calculate values for each currency and for the overall holdings

-----------------
--- use cases ---
-----------------

create balance:
choose a currency and enter the balance amount or a wallet adress
the input data is stored in a database

view balances:
shows all balances that were created with the respective dollar/euro value including an overall sum (through the use of various APIs)

select fiat currency:
set the output currency to one of the supported fiat currencies (dollar/euro)

select fiat exchange:
select a balance and an exchange to be used for calculating fiat values (a default exchange is always selected)

select crypto exchange:
select a balance and exchange to be used for calculating btc values (a default exchange is always selected)

----------------------------
--- software description ---
----------------------------

programming language: python3 with django 1.7 (dev release)
database: postgresql

- design a database layout that offers all the required options
tables:
api -- available apis with urls and linked to an exchange
balance -- the users balances
currency -- all available currencies
currency_pair -- links the currencies to tradeable pair
exchange -- exchanges linked to currencies and apis
userdata -- global data about the user

from the above tables only balance and userdata are ment to be modified by the user.
the other tables can be filled from the django admin interface and are provided with initial data.
this way an admin can easily react to changes to api urls, add currencies etc.
and the user simply works with what is available

- create/configure a django project
the project "coin_tracker" is created and hosts the balance manager app.
the project can be expanded by other useful related apps in future updates.

- creating jango models
implement the django models for the database design. the models contain the logic behind
the balance manager apps. it contains classes for each database and functions needed
to provide the desired functions.

- provide initial data to the django models/database
after completing the models, data can be added to the database through either
the django admin interface or e.g. a .json file that represents the model structure.

- implement the views used for the user interface
a view is created for every defined use case

- create url mapping for the created views
contains the url mapping and additional information for templates

- create html templates
a template is created for every view to optimize user experience


more details are provided in the source documentation.
the application is tested with the django test suite.